---
title: '1. Delete Azure resources created during the exercises'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Exercise 07: Resource cleanup'
---

# Task 01 - Delete Azure resources created during the exercises

## Introduction

As part of this training, you have created several Azure resources, including an AI Red Teaming Agent and associated infrastructure. To avoid incurring unnecessary costs, it is important to clean up these resources once you are done with the exercises.

## Description

In this task, you will delete the Azure resources that were created during the exercises to avoid unnecessary costs. This includes deleting the resource group that contains all the resources created for this training.

## Success Criteria

- You have deleted the resource group associated with this training.

## Key Tasks

### 01: Delete the resource group

To delete the Azure resources created during the exercises, you will need to delete the resource group that contains all the resources. You can do this using the Azure CLI or the Azure portal.

#### Using Azure CLI

If you prefer to use the Azure CLI, you can run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
az group delete --name <your-resource-group-name> --yes --no-wait
```

Replace `<your-resource-group-name>` with the name of the resource group you created for this training.

#### Using Azure Portal

If you prefer to use the Azure portal, you can follow these steps:

1. Open the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).
2. Navigate to "Resource groups" in the left-hand menu.
3. Find and select the resource group you created for this training.
4. Select the **Delete resource group** button at the top of the page.
5. Confirm the deletion by typing the name of the resource group and selecting **Delete**.

Once you have deleted the resource group, all the resources contained within it will also be deleted.
